README.md, before:

# 9-projects-layout

This is a boilerplate for distributable React Native components with native code
(iOS & Android). It has unit tests for native code, and integration tests for automated testing
on emulators or devices. The boilerplate example has a HelloWorld component, and a HelloWorld
module backed by native code.

When published and installed via npm, the resulting package supports automatic linking of the native 
code. The contained package react-native-helloworld is published, and can be installed/linked like 
this:

    npm install react-native-helloworld
    react-native link react-native-helloworld

## Explanation

For a full explanation of the layout, see 
[this article](https://www.benwixen.com/articles/distributing-react-native-components-with-native-code).

There are 3 sets of 3 projects (JS, Obj-C & Java). The first set is for the component code:

    /
    /android
    /ios

The second set is for unit- and integration tests:

    /tests
    /tests/android
    /tests/ios
    
The third set is just a sample project to demonstrate usage of the components. The Android and iOS
parts are just the standard React Native boilerplate:

    /example
    /example/android
    /example/ios

## Development

For development of the component code, first run `npm install` in the `tests`-folder. Since the 
native code is linked directly in the test-projects, they serve as a context you can develop it in
(the root projects only link React/Native as peer dependencies). 

### iOS

If you open `/tests/ios/HelloWorldTests.xcodeproj` in XCode, you can edit the native code and 
unit tests side-by-side. You'll find the native code under `Libraries/HelloWorld.xcodeproj`. 
Unit- and integration tests can be run together in the standard test-runner with ⌘+U.

### Android

Open `/tests/android` in Android Studio, and you'll find both the native code and the unit tests
in the project view. The unit tests can be run by right-clicking the package containing the tests,
and choosing *Run Tests in tests*.

There is not yet an automatic test runner for integration tests, but you can run them by firing up
 `/tests` as a normal React Native app on an Android emulator or device, and selecting the tests 
 manually from a list.

### JS-code

To develop the JS-components and the integration tests, just open `/tests` in your editor of choice 
(f.ex. Atom or WebStorm). The JS-code can be edited from within the `/tests/symlinks`-folder.
Integration tests are located under `/tests/integration-test`.

There is a script `/tests/make-copies.sh` that copies the JS-code from the root project into a 
folder `/tests/copies`. This is because the React Native packager doesn't follow symlinks. When 
running the integration tests through XCode, this script is run automatically.

### Example code

If you want to include an example to demonstrate usage of your component, the `/example` folder is 
the place for that. Ideally, you only touch the JS-code, and leave the React Native 
boilerplate as it is.

## Publishing

Once you have finished your components, you can run a normal `npm publish` from the root folder. The
`/tests` and `/example` folders are automatically excluded from the package.

Commit message:

Finished JS-part of HelloWorld-component, and added sample-code.

README.md, after:

# 9-projects-layout

This is a boilerplate for distributable React Native components with native code
(iOS & Android). It has unit tests for native code, and integration tests for automated testing
on emulators or devices. The boilerplate example has a HelloWorld component, and a HelloWorld
module backed by native code.

When published and installed via npm, the resulting package supports automatic linking of the native 
code. The contained package react-native-helloworld is published, and can be installed/linked like 
this:

    npm install react-native-helloworld
    react-native link react-native-helloworld

## Explanation

For a full explanation of the layout, see 
[this article](https://www.benwixen.com/articles/distributing-react-native-components-with-native-code).

There are 3 sets of 3 projects (JS, Obj-C & Java). The first set is for the component code:

    /
    /android
    /ios

The second set is for unit- and integration tests:

    /tests
    /tests/android
    /tests/ios
    
The third set is just a sample project to demonstrate usage of the components. The Android and iOS
parts are just the standard React Native boilerplate:

    /example
    /example/android
    /example/ios

## Development

For development of the component code, first run `npm install` in the `tests`-folder. Since the 
native code is linked directly in the test-projects, they serve as a context you can develop it in
(the root projects only link React/Native as peer dependencies). 

### iOS

If you open `/tests/ios/HelloWorldTests.xcodeproj` in XCode, you can edit the native code and 
unit tests side-by-side. You'll find the native code under `Libraries/HelloWorld.xcodeproj`. 
Unit- and integration tests can be run together in the standard test-runner with ⌘+U.

### Android

Open `/tests/android` in Android Studio, and you'll find both the native code and the unit tests
in the project view. The unit tests can be run by right-clicking the package containing the tests,
and choosing *Run Tests in tests*.

There is not yet an automatic test runner for integration tests, but you can run them by firing up
 `/tests` as a normal React Native app on an Android emulator or device, and selecting the tests 
 manually from a list.

### JS-code

To develop the JS-components and the integration tests, just open `/tests` in your editor of choice 
(f.ex. Atom or WebStorm). The JS-code can be edited from within the `/tests/symlinks`-folder.
Integration tests are located under `/tests/integration-test`.

There is a script `/tests/make-copies.sh` that copies the JS-code from the root project into a 
folder `/tests/copies`. This is because the React Native packager doesn't follow symlinks. When 
running the integration tests through XCode, this script is run automatically.

### Example code

If you want to include an example to demonstrate usage of your component, the `/example` folder is 
the place for that. Ideally, you only touch the JS-code, and leave the React Native 
boilerplate as it is.

To run it, first do an `npm install` from the `/example` folder, then `react-native link`. 
For iOS simulators or Android, you can run `react-native run-ios` or `react-native run-android` 
from the same folder. 

To run on an iOS device, open the `/example/ios/HelloWorldExample.xcodeproj` 
in XCode, select a development team for code signing (under the General tab of each target in the
project settings), and hit ⌘+R.

## Publishing

Once you have finished your components, you can run a normal `npm publish` from the root folder. The
`/tests` and `/example` folders are automatically excluded from the package.
